Describe license key errors (#5657)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/zz Errors and Warnings/W0021.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Occurs when the license key verification fails.

---

> Make certain to specify a correct key in the `GlobalConfig`. If you continue to encounter an error, please visit [Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/) to obtain a valid key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you specify the correct key in the `GlobalConfig`. If you still get an error, use the [Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/) to obtain a valid key.
```

> If you have a valid license and this problem persists, please submit a support ticket via the [DevExpress Support Center](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/create). We will be happy to follow-up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a valid license and this problem persists, please submit a support ticket via the [DevExpress Support Center](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/create).
